the president this morning trout at
trotted out his vice Labradoodle Mike
Pence to clean up his mess
you know Mike Pence had to go out today
to attempt to defend Trump's ridiculous
claim that previous presidents told him
that they should have built a wall when
they had the chance he said that they
said that damn all for living presidents
denied ever saying that so pence had to
go on TV and say what Trump actually
meant he said what he actually meant was
former presidents told him they support
border security it's gonna be weird when
Mike Pence is president later this year
isn't it handle it will he try to lick
his own boots or at least of course
there's no evidence to support Trump's
claim that previous presidents supported
a border wall because none of them
supported the border wall then that's
where you're wrong Jimmy oh my goodness
Wow it's it's the ghost of George
Washington everyone Wow what a welcome
may I ask what are you doing here I was
in the neighborhood I like to go to
Buffalo Wild Wings and I unscrew the
caps on the hot sauce oh that's your
doing that I was oh that's mr. president
since we have you here are you saying
are you telling us the previous
presidents did support building a border
wall absolutely many of them wanted a
wall along our southern border oh I
certainly did
how else are we supposed to keep out
those dirty criminals coming up from
Louisiana oh well I don't know if you
know this but Louisiana is now part of
the United States it is yeah sweet Ben
Franklin's syphilis what happened did we
lose another bet to France no no you're
in fact your friend Thomas Jefferson
bought that area Thomas Jefferson yeah
that numbnuts he liked to say all men
are created equal but if you ask me he
was created pretty stupid okay he's
stupid did you yeah Jimmy
yes yes George yes mr. president Oh
Jimmy how can you tell if Thomas
Jefferson has been to your house I don't
know how can you tell if Thomas
Jefferson has been to your house the
drains clogged and your slaves are
pregnant oh my goodness
I don't mean to interrupt but can we
please get back to this this thing about
the border that would be right yes the
border well I believe we need strong
national border security so you would
support a wall between us and Mexico
then sure but more importantly I would
want a wall between US and California
I've seen some of those wildly ethnics
from San Diego it's only a matter of
time before they figure out how to cross
the Rockies and steal our job but mr.
president California is now as part of
the United States - in fact we are in
California right now California yes what
the hell is the matter with you people
on that I come back from the grave in
this whole country is drowning in
beignets and burrito I'm sorry to
disappoint you mr. president but that's
all right that's right as long as we
still own people to work our field
people that you know what I'm gonna let
you go before you say anything more
upsetting that might actually get you
erased from the dollar bill okay well if
you yeah god forbid that yes if you need
me I'll be across the street digging my
wooden teeth into an order of Sammys
tequila-soaked shrimp at the Cabo Wabo
Cantina
[Applause]
he's done I gotta tell you something
I don't know how Markham puts up with
him he's really congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it